it's that time of year again answer
leave you errs christmas is just over a
week away and while i'm sure you've
probably been waiting impatiently to
find out what's waiting for you under
the christmas tree you're probably a
little bit curious as to what other
people asked for this season well i was
too so i did a little research and today
i'm going to tell you the top five geek
and tech related items people put on
their Christmas list this year won the
most popular item I was able to find was
definitely the Apple iPad tablets are
rising in popularity all over the place
but the ipad is totally still leading
the race from its 3g capabilities to its
easy keyboard typing and the endless
possibilities that the App Store brings
you having an iPad is kind of like
owning a portal into a world of endless
fun I'm not addicted to mine at all to
next on the list was a tie between the
Xbox Kinect and the PlayStation Move
both of these console enhancements add
the motion sensing aspect to your
regular gaming which makes gameplay a
full body experience let me just say
that makes party games so much more
exciting three coming in at number three
was the Amazon Kindle which is now
available in three different types the
classic touchscreen and kindle fire as
much as I love holding a good book in my
hands I have to say the idea of carrying
my entire library with me at all times
is kind of appealing for number four was
actually a three-way tie between all of
the big games that were just released in
the past month this includes a call of
duty modern warfare 3 be Skyrim and see
the legend of zelda skyward sword I can
already tell that nobody's going to
accomplish anything productive this
holiday season 5 and coming in at number
five was none other than the classic
chatter phone that dad just kidding I'm
totally just kidding it was actually
really hard for me to pick a number five
to round out this list I actually did a
poll on Twitter to see what people
wanted their and the most overwhelming
response that I got was a novelty item
from a specific fandom that they liked
including books and movies and TV shows
so whether you're a dream gift as a ride
around Dalek lego star wars a working
Harry Potter wand remote for your TV or
the complete box set of buffy the
vampire slayer i hope you get your nerd
on this christmas let me know if there's
anything specific you want me to talk
about next time and until then it's game
over